---
layout: default
title: callinwith.us
---
"http://callinwith.us":http://callinwith.us

callinwith.us is a really simple conference calling application. I was tired of how conference calls always seemed to be such a pain, and I knew with "twilio":http://twilio.com it would be really easy to make one, so I spent an evening writing one out! It was a perfect mix of seeing a problem and knowing a nice and easy technical solution.

I put it up on hackernews a day or two after it went live and was straight at the top for a few hours getting a ton of traffic. It was a great feeling to see something I worked on so quickly getting such a huge response! "link":http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3016449

The result was fantastic. I just threw up a page that immediately gives the phone number and code for the user's conference call. I was pretty amazed at what I could do in just a couple hours. Hooking up Facebook, Twitter and doing the design took way more time than actually making the product.

I figure if nobody really ends up using it, I can use it for my own personal benefit, or if it does become popular, pay for the twilio costs as long as I can until I can find a simple way to charge for it. Maybe just donations.

It was interesting making it since I didn't have a lot of time, so I threw out every feature I could think of. I wanted to have things like chargify, accounts, fancy analytics, but I managed to get by with a single page and using statsmix for some dirt simple analytics.

Github: "http://github.com/dickeytk/callinwithus":http://github.com/dickeytk/callinwithus
