---
layout: default
title: Me the entrepreneur
published: false
---

I am an entrepreneur... I guess. I don't like to call myself that really.

In Rework (the 37Signals book) there is a very short article called 'Enough with "entrepreneurs"' that I really enjoyed. "Here's a link.":http://books.google.com/books?id=U77um_h_dgcC&lpg=PA28&ots=FXlb0qzuPb&pg=PA28#v=onepage&q&f=false I really agree with that. I don't consider myself different or anything. I just want to do something cool.

Still, I think owning my own company would be the most satisfying thing you could possibly do. The idea of building something from the ground up, really solving people's problems and having THAT be how I feed myself? Really sounds like my kind of thing.

It's a different sort of thing than anything I've done before. Most of the achievements I've gotten in life, graduating from High School/College, getting my first real job, all of those sorts of things, have really been met with a lot of enthusiasm from other people. Starting up conne.cc (my first startup) not so much. Not that it's a bad response, just more of an unsure one. It's not what I'm used to. It's a different kind of a challenge.

It's not just hard work at this point, although there is a lot of that. When I came up for the idea of conne.cc, I though it'd be simple.

bq. I just need to print out some cards with a unique ID, mail them to people, then they can just post a message there and I'll show their email address. A weekend for sure!

Boy was I wrong, and that's ok. I thought I was probably wrong, so I planned about 3 weeks to do this "weekend" project. I came up with the idea in Spring 2010, started working on it in mid-December, and I'm going to launch February 4th. Let me break down just a bit of what I underestimated:

* Printing cards. To print cards, I need a printer, I need to perforate the cards, I need to CUT the cards (which is by far the most difficult part). If I want 100 cards, that's a lot of cuts to make on that 30 dollar paper trimmer. Also, cardstock is thick, so cutting multiple pages just isn't going to happen. I found "this":http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sR89kVEx3Pw marvelous little unit though and just about peed my pants I was so excited. Who knew one day I would get excited over a paper cutter. Also, on that note, who would have thought I would've ever got excited over the idea of buying a "Martin Yale GC210":http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CYAfCM0NtJk Oh baby.
* Printing cards continued. Actually making the design. I'm using PDF's. PDF's are not HTML/CSS. It's a much different world. I'm using prawn to generate the cards. It's ok, but it's going to take a lot of learning the tool to generate what I want. It's obvious that HTML/CSS is much more mature, as well it should be, it's way more popular.
* Ordering. Order states, credit card charging, integration with a checkout tool (I'm using google checkout). That stuff takes more than a few hours to integrate. (I seriously thought it would take me a few hours at first, just a few API calls? What's the big deal). There's a slew of things to take into consideration both online and offline, postage, address labels, (how do you print a batch of address labels when you're handling one order at a time?) mailing stuff is tough. I also somehow thought I could put 100 cards into an envelope. Silly me.

Obviously it was the things I didn't consider that I ran into as challenges. It's ok though, I did eventually get it done, however I planned to spend about 3 weeks to launch the product and I'd say 7 was a more solid estimate. I tend to be optimistic with my estimates though, I'm working to improve that, but as a developer, it's tough.

It was like watching Lost, everytime I tried to figure out a piece of it I was met with more questions than answers.

Right now, before I launch, I feel as if I'm crossing T's and dotting I's. The first thing I want to get is feedback (especially from HN if I can get a post up there). I feel like I'm really putting the last finishing touches to release as perfect of a product as I can. What will they come back with? Will they understand the product? How do I take in their feedback? I'm glad I have a co-founder to help filter these decisions.

This is really exciting though, I am happier doing this than anything else. I'm counting the days till launch right now. I want to make something really cool for people. I can't wait to see what they say.

And in 3 months, if conne.cc is paying me to live on top ramen, you won't be able to rip the smile from my face.
