---
layout: default
title: My future self
---
5 years ago, I sent an email to myself. I completely forgot I had even done that. Here is the contents of the email:

bq. Dear FutureMe, Hey dude, I'm sending this letter because I want to see what you think of my goals in life at this point. By now, I hope that I would've graduated from portland state, hopefully had an internship along the way. I hope that I have decided where I'm going to work, and got good grades along the way. Right now it's about mid-way through my first term at PSU, and I am doing very well so far. I hope that I continued my goals of becoming a computer programmer.

One thing is for sure, I sound super lame. Also, it's not terribly interesting. Still, I was really happy to get it, it made me really take a steop back and think of everything that's happened since then. The only thing I wish is that I've done more of these over the years!! So I took the time to write one up for my 30th birthday and next new years. I think what I want to start doing is writing up a new one of those for each birthday and new years. One for the upcoming one, and another for 5 years from then. I think that would make them pretty interesting. I could see really looking forward to those every year/birthday!!

I recommend it to everyone. It really felt like I was having a conversation with myself 5 years ago. The site I used was futureme.org, but I'm sure there are other similar ones out there too.

Also, another tip: be candid. Really put yourself out there. Who KNOWS what I'm going to think of 24 year old me in a few years.
